You might feel like screaming *Help! I lost my podcasts/episodes/settings/everything!*

The problem is that in a very old AntennaPod version, the database with all information (episodes, listening states, etc) had some problems. While the problems are long fixed, they might have left your database in a state that works but is slightly corrupted. With that corrupted database, the problem can manifest even in more recent versions if they happen to write to the corrupted parts (eg. during an update). If this happens, AntennaPod cannot function with the broken database and has to start over with an empty one. We realise it is very frustrating when this happens and are really sorry if you were affected.

There may be some things you can do to recover your data. We list them below, starting with the solution that gives the easiest & best results:

1. Have you recently [exported a backup](/documentation/general/backup) from AntennaPod? Then restoring that is relatively easily: go to `Settings` » `Storage` » `Import/Export` » `Database import` and select the back-up. Note that the backup might contain the partial corruption, so it is still recommended to go through the second step to fix the problem once and for all.
2. If AntennaPod detects a broken database, it writes it to a file named CorruptedDatabaseBackup.db in the app storage directory. You can attempt to repair this file (or repair an exported backup) using one of the steps below. This is a challenge and requires learning how to deal with a terminal.
  * One community member [followed these steps](https://github.com/AntennaPod/AntennaPod/issues/2463#issuecomment-384088306) to repair the database and [indicated](https://github.com/AntennaPod/AntennaPod/issues/2463#issuecomment-404624614) that after this they could successfully import the repaired database.
  * Another community member [took a clean database and moved content from the corrupted one in it](https://github.com/AntennaPod/AntennaPod/issues/2463#issuecomment-385341068), and then performed [another correction](https://github.com/AntennaPod/AntennaPod/issues/2463#issuecomment-385354995). After both steps, they managed to successfully imported the new database in AntennaPod.
3. While all the data *about* your subscriptions and episodes are gone, the media files will still be there.
  * In AntennaPod you can add a folder as if it were a feed. To do this, go to `Add Podcast` and tap on `Add local folder`. Then go to this folder on your phone: `Android` » `data` » `de.danoeh.antennapod` » `files` » `media` and then the select the folder of a podcast. Note that this will only give you access to previously downloaded media - you will not receive new episodes.
  * You can also start adding previous podcasts from scratch. You can look through the folder mentioned above to see which podcasts you were subscribed to.
