---
title: 2.0.0 release
excerpt: We just released version 2.0.0 of AntennaPod
date: "2020-09-08 12:00:00"
image: "pic.png"
author: bytehamster
layout: blog
---

Version 2.0.0 is a big step forward for AntennaPod. We rewrote big parts of the user interface, added tons of new features and fixed bugs.

- Brand new user interface (by @ByteHamster)  
  We got rid of unneccessary icons and unneccessary whitespace. You can now see more podcast episodes on your screen and it looks more tidy. Don't worry - AntennaPod still has the same feel and the way you interact with the app has not changed. It just looks more polished!
- Support for chapter images (by @ByteHamster)  
  When loading new episodes of a podcast, AntennaPod now supports displaying chapter images. Just play an episode that supports images, head over to the chapters tab on the player screen and have a look!
- Skip intro and ending per feed (by @tonytamsf)  
  The option is located in feed settings, which you can get to by pressing the cogwheel icon on the feed page.
- Option to show notifications after episodes have been auto-downloaded (by @shortspider)  
  This is one step into the direction of our most requested feature: being notified for new episodes.
- Bug fixes and improvements (by @ebraminio, @tonytamsf, @JessieVela, @ByteHamster and more)  
  We have fixed too many things to list them all. They include things like better support for right-to-left languages or fixes when jumping to positions in an episode.

You can see the full, huge list of changes on our development platform, [GitHub](https://github.com/AntennaPod/AntennaPod/compare/1.8.1...2.0.0).

As of writing this, version 2.0.0 is rolled out to 100% of the Google Play users. At the same time, the first beta release of version 2.1.0 is rolled out to our beta testers. AntennaPod is developed by volunteers in our free-time. If you like AntennaPod and want to give something back to the community, consider contributing by helping other users in the [forum](https://forum.antennapod.org/), [translating](https://www.transifex.com/antennapod/antennapod/) or by [writing code](https://github.com/AntennaPod/AntennaPod).
