---
title: 2021 Recap
excerpt: We explain what happened on AntennaPod in 2021
date: "2021-12-29 11:00:00"
image: "2021/recap.png"
author: bytehamster
layout: blog
---

Looking back at 2021, a lot happened in the AntennaPod community. In this blog post, we want to summarize the most important milestones.

# Hackathon
From July 9 to July 11, we organized the first AntennaPod Hackathon. After an announcement and public polls on the forum, we decided on a date that fits best with the timezones that our contributors live in. We then held a kick-off meeting where we discussed which parts of AntennaPod we plan to work on next. The kick-off meeting was attended by `@ByteHamster`, `@keunes`, `@ueen`, `@tonytamsf` and `@Matth78`, with a short visit by `@peakvalleytech`. Most specifically, we discussed where we want AntennaPod's user interface to develop in the next years. We agreed on the following long-term changes:
- Developing a [home screen](https://github.com/AntennaPod/AntennaPod/issues/3952) with a quick overview over the app.
- Adding [another episode state "ignored"](https://github.com/AntennaPod/AntennaPod/issues/5237), which you can use if you are not interested in an episode, so you do not have to mark episodes as played that are not actually played.
- Renaming the "new" screen to ["inbox"](https://github.com/AntennaPod/AntennaPod/issues/5267) and adding it directly to the side drawer.

The Hackathon was very productive, and we would love to have a second one in 2022.

# App development
Over the course of the year 2021, 48 contributors helped to improve AntennaPod. In total, they made 482 changes to the source code, touching about 29 000 lines of source code. This makes AntennaPod a pretty active project, even though it is run completely by volunteers in their free-time. To give everyone access to the improved app, we released 9 new updates, of which 3 contained large new features.  
For the beginning of 2022, we have already developed a release that is nearly ready. The new release of AntennaPod 2.5.0 will add support for synchronizing your subscriptions with your own Nextcloud, so it now gets easier than ever to enjoy sync while still keeping your listening habits private.

# Donations
After users asked for it for years, in 2021 we finally decided that we will accept translations. The process for spending money was discussed on the forum, and we developed guidelines for what can be paid with the money. In total, we received 1263.75€, from which we spent 21.60€ for a new Google Play account.

# Forum
The AntennaPod forum is the main place where you can connect with other users and discuss features. In 2021, 353 topics were created and filled with 2211 posts. 495 users registered to the forum, making a total of 732 users. 1247 likes were given.

# See you again next year
We hope that you had a good year 2021, despite the global pandemic. Having to stay at home is a good time to listen to podcasts, after all ;) If you have comments about this blog post, please create a post on our forum. The forum is also a good place to discuss new features and to help shape the future of AntennaPod. If you want to help to make AntennaPod even greater, have a look at our website where you can contribute in various ways such as translating or coding. Now, we wish you a good transition into the year 2022, and we will see you again next year!
