---
title: "AntennaPod @ FOSDEM 2026"
excerpt: AntennaPod contributors met at the FOSDEM 2026 conference
date: "2026-02-11 20:00:00"
image: "2026/fosdem.jpg"
author: bytehamster
layout: blog
category: community
guid: 40de705c-c8aa-4850-ba2b-49ff91607b8e
---

[FOSDEM](https://fosdem.org/) is a yearly open-source conference in Brussels, Belgium. From VLC to Thunderbird, from Postgres to F-Droid - thousands of open-source enthusiasts gathered at the *Université libre de Bruxelles* for two days. Just as last year, there was a lot of interest in the [stickers we made in 2024](/blog/2024/12/stickers), especially the one featuring Mike.

Naturally, several AntennaPod contributors joined the conference. @keunes and @ByteHamster met @nijel from [Weblate](https://weblate.org), where we manage the AntennaPod translations. We discussed potential future Weblate features that would make translations easier for us. We also futher discussed our planned donation to Weblate that we [discussed on the AntennaPod forum](https://forum.antennapod.org/t/proposal-donation-to-weblate/5710) a while ago.

On Saturday evening, we celebrated our first dedicated AntennaPod meetup with core contributors and interested users.

{% include image.html
   alt="AntennaPod Dinner"
   loc="/assets/images/blog/2026"
   file="fosdem.jpg"
   max-width="400px"
%}
<small>Photo by Benjamin Bellamy (CC BY-SA 4.0)</small>

During the dinner, @keunes presented the current state of the planned redesign of the main player screen, and we exchanged ideas and gave feedback.
We also spent some time discussing public broadcasters and how they deal with open RSS podcast feeds. Later, we were even joined by an interested user who works at a public broadcaster and explained some of the reasoning behind decisions there.
Considering future enhancements of AntennaPod, we discussed [Open Podcast API](https://openpodcastapi.org/) progress and possible integration with AntennaPod, as well as the status of Podcasting 2.0 features like episode comments in AntennaPod.
Finally, and perhaps most importantly, we also spent time just catting with each other. Given that the AntennaPod contributors live all over the world, we mostly meet digitally, for example through our [community call](/events/community-meeting). Meeting some of the core contributors in person was a great experience.

We are looking forward to FOSDEM next year, where we will certainly repeat this meetup!
