Le versioni ufficiali di AntennaPod non contengono pubblicità. La app è
sviluppata da volontari senza scopi commerciali e il progetto è sostenuto dalle
donazioni per coprire i costi. Poiché il [codice
sorgente](https://github.com/AntennaPod/AntennaPod) di AntennaPod e [il
rendiconto delle entrate e delle
spese](https://opencollective.com/antennapod#category-BUDGET) sono pubblici,
chiunque può verificarlo.

Se vedi delle pubblicità, ci possono essere due motivi:

### 1. Hai scaricato una versione non ufficiale di AntennaPod

**Hai scaricato una versione non ufficiale di AntennaPod.** AntennaPod è
open-source. Questo significa che chiunque può scaricare il codice sorgente.
Sfortunatamente, alcuni sviluppatori prendono AntennaPod, inseriscono annunci e
poi lo pubblicano come una nuova app. Puoi ottenere l'app ufficiale di
AntennaPod su [Google Play](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?
id=de.danoeh.antennapod) o
[F-Droid](https://f-droid.org/packages/de.danoeh.antennapod/). Puoi anche
ottenere l'ultima versione su
[GitHub](https://github.com/AntennaPod/AntennaPod/) e compilare tu stesso
AntennaPod!

### 2. The podcast publishers added the ads to their shownotes or audio file

**Gli editori del podcast hanno aggiunto gli annunci nelle loro note o nel loro
file audio.** AntennaPod riproduce i podcast come sono stati pubblicati dai
creatori. Se questi includono annunci pubblicitari, AntennaPod li riproduce. Noi
non abbiamo nulla a che fare con questi annunci, quindi i ricavi vanno
interamente agli editori del tuo podcast.

Now, you might ask something like "But then why is the podcast in English and the
ad in German?" or "But why is the podcast episode from 2008 but still promotes a
product released in 2023?". The reason is a technique called *dynamic ad
insertion*. Podcast publishers can instruct the hosting company to insert those
ads. Then, while downloading or streaming the episode with AntennaPod, the media
file delivered to AntennaPod gets cut on-the-fly to include the ads. The ads are
recent (while the episode might not be) and can be targeted based on the IP
address from which you request the media file (e.g. a company in your country).
Depending on how smart the hosting company does this, the ads might get inserted
right in the middle of a sentence. Some of the hosting companies also mess up
the chapter marks while inserting the ads (so the chapters are off by the
duration of the ad).

You can always use the fast forward button in AntennaPod to skip the ads. If you
are streaming an episode instead of downloading, the hosting company has an idea
of how far you are in the podcast. It might be possible that the company detects
the fact that you skipped the ad and insert a new one. If you instead download
the episode, they cannot do that and you can skip the ads more reliably.
(Downloading is also better for your privacy because then the hosting company
does not know when you listen to which section of the episode. AntennaPod can be
configured to automatically download and later delete episodes, so you don't
have to do that manually.)

Additionally, many podcast hosts provide an ad-free feed that you can buy.
Usually, you then either get a secret podcast feed URL, or alternatively
username and password that you can enter in AntennaPod.

If you find these ads annoying, consider talking to the podcast publishers about
this.
